take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me thank you
thank you for coming back to Lady Babylon tonight we have a great great
topic to cover we're going to be looking at Maya the midwife
and our goal is to bring her into the present that's right to reach from the past from
the future and bring the mogustokia to life
beautiful stuff
[Music]
foreign
I've got a video for you tonight about our topic that's just laced with the
most beautiful subliminal messaging my compliments tonight to Chewie
um what I'd like to do is I'd like to just jump into a ship here and get you
know let's just get things going uh there's no reason to mess around tonight let's go right back I want to take you
right back to a guy named nonas and I want to pull his ghost out of the Grave
um and just so you can put him somewhere in history we're talking about the transition between
Roman rule and Christian rule and there there is a big difference we are living
now we land our ship and we get out of it and we realize oh we are living now
at that crossover when people are afraid to publish
because the Christian authorities will not only burn their work but will burn
them so we are dealing with a phenomenon called crypto pagans and that's what I
want to do is I want to take you tonight to see a crypto Pagan his name is known
as and he is able to publish the longest
Epic in Greek the longest the longest by far
and that epic is about Dionysus
an epic about Dionysus
and to start that epic off we have to start at the heart of the cult of
Dionysus and that heart that inner sanctuary
is the mogusto Kia that is what is that that is the pain
of birth that is the pain that one feels while giving birth there's a special
word for it the birth Pang is usually how it's translated it's never Pleasant
never Pleasant always painful it's a portal a doorway
and this Maya watches over that doorway
she brings the living
from that dark Death so just to explain to all the Christians
that we have invited to come in and please continue inviting particularly evangelicals because there
is a need right now for evangelicals to see the work that we are doing and for those of you who have come
tonight I want to say we're tracking Jesus we're following Jesus last week we looked at
him in the apocalypse and we found out we we found out that um his face
glowed as Helios we saw that gown he was wearing
we saw the wig the white wig and we understood
he is the Christos yes now we're going to look at the
reason we're trait we're tracking that naked boy that was with Jesus when he was arrested we want to ultimately
solve that issue historically and put it to bed so the people 2000 years ago can
Excuse Me 2 000 years from now can um can be able to say hey look what uh
look at these people looking at the reality right that's all we ask just look at the reason
so tonight we're going to track him through Maya and in order to do that we're going to track this naked boy
through mine yes you're going to see him there you're going to see the cult and for those of you who have ears to hear
you will see the portrait of the Christ that you have never seen before this is
the heart of the lightning it says that bocket lightning
um can we play the video please [Music]
and nothing is what it seems
Nothing Is What It Seems
all we have here stays behind [Music]
we will leave no track no Trace [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
Way Beyond the sky upon another world Shore lost inside a Dream Within a dream
we try to find the reason why we're living what for oh why which when where
who for why which when
[Music] we have here stays behind we go with
what we had when we came we will leave no track no Trace no name
upon the Walk of faith [Music]
foreign text
and I just want to give you just a glimpse if we can just get just a glance Glimpse I had a student that I'm
working with this week asked me if we could start reading and I said yes and he said can we do uh known as can we
read notice and I S I laughed because um numbness is using
esoteric terminology he's using cult terminology he's using a lot of drugs
they're drug references I mean you can't throw a rock in this book without hitting a drug reference somewhere
um and good stuff too the arrows we got all the arrow poisons we got we've got
women we've got women who are mean ads
wear an armor carrying weapons shooting bows smashing heads
armored women this is not the Antiquity
of Cambridge this is not the falsehood the fairy tale that you've been been fed
this is a place where great people like Karena I forgot to tell you guys about
Karina Karina was the one who got into the lyric poetry competition with a very famous person this very famous person
Pinder was um uh beaten squarely by her in the
competition and she came up to him afterwards and let him know yeah you've
been vested right she was doing a little bit of a little bit of you know stepping
out showing him because his mouth was big and all he could say to her was that
you're ugly yeah quite a moment in history
um Athenian women women in Antiquity women all over did not stay in their
homes in silence this was not the 50s Mary beard
this is gorgeous stuff tonight we're going to look just let's look at look at the text now this is known as this is
known as let's read it together shall we apithel look at that we start out right
away as a imprecation it's an imprecation to the Muse and you say oh
they're doing this in Antiquity they're doing it all the time right they invented it back with Homer yeah right
um realize where you are you are in a place where you are worshiping The Muse
yes you're in a place where you're worshiping The Muse silence silence holy silence
yeah somebody was writing to me about Dragon tongue tracking down Dragon tongue the secret about Dragon tongue is
that it's spoken it is spoken in silence yes figure that figure that one out
perhaps whoever cracks that will be able to track down the naked boy that Jesus was arrested with then we'll all have a
Merry Christmas
August that's our first dactylic line that's a dactylic
hexameter yeah and so we're hearkening back you notice that when we're reading
the hymns when we're reading the hymns we are we're in a specific
ritual meter yes the Romans came up against this
dactylic Examiner and their response was to turn in verse
yeah the very Golden Age these these meters are coming alive and
bringing this incredible incredible wisdom to humanity through the Muse you
only get there through the Muse what is he saying here or the actor on what is a
DIY he's saying tell me Muse he's saying speak to me of what
speak to me of the messenger of the son of Cronus the messenger of the son of Cronus who
is he he's the diakteron the conveyor of
the ithopos algis um
algae is that sunlight it's that sunlight that hits the face
that you can feel that communion with that entity that's sunlight
yes um it is a burning it is a burning
yeah ISO to spark the life to burn yes good so we
have the descendants of the Sun in front of us right we have those with that bright heliot face
the face of Helios yeah remember there's only a couple of
people that are put in those um that we use those terms with an Antiquity right one of them is Jesus
one of them is the family of eet's the members of the family of the ETS they
emanate this from their Ops here not as follows that and we get ithopos that
burning that comes from the Ops you're gonna notice notice how many of these facial expressions we have yes tell me
Muse of the Moga stock on asthma the asthma that brief
inhalation that brief brief exchange with the atmosphere around you that
causes um this particular to a woman's birthing process
a woman's birthing process okay um oh fantastic yes and um
what is the what is the source of this this asthma
it is brought to you by the nymphedius Spin Theory spintadius a spinter is a
spark boom and what is a nymphic spark what is the spark of the the nymphic
experience yeah okay we're getting again we gotta we just got out of the ship give
yourself a minute to accumulate you know accommodate to the changes in the pressure
yes good good good good good good and what is this breath it's the breath of
the karanu that's a thunderbolt that's that booming thing that causes
you to fear that causes you to crouch when you hear it whether you're a dog or
a person or a or a a snake yes it doesn't matter it causes has that
instinct of fear of sudden fear that Sonic Boom they love that on the third
line High stereo
what else are we calling upon we're calling on that thalamapolon what is
that that that's the that's the one who directs within the inner chamber
um specifically the inner chamber of women do we have this one I want people
to see this one because there is there we go chamber thank you
yes take a look at this in the definitions here right watch the word enjoy the Greek and absorb the power
here right just an inner room or chamber right generally the women's apartment in
a part of the house yes wow wow bedroom right right store
room oh it's the place where the valuables are kept look at number Roman numeral number four on the bottom used a
certain Mystic shrines and chapels all right sacred to office the innermost
the innermost chamber that's where we are we're in that innermost chamber and we have the pole there what is the pole
doing the pole is the is a Zone think of it as a Zone the axis right this is the
one ordering and determining the track that will all go down um translated these are servants
of the queen serve who serve within her chamber her
inner chamber Medea had 12 of these they were her drug procurers and
pharmacologists yes scythians very active women with uh skill in the bow in
the arrow and the use of toxins particularly the toxins like the oysters
that are used in the child birthing process okay we've we've seen Christ is
linguistically connected with the um Insanity produced by The Sting of the
oysters that's how we all get an oyster Mania and how we're sybils right we've
all seen that um here it is again look at the very word on line three for that lightning
sterile pain instead of pain
stir Ops look at that you've got an Ops there and you've got the Str root
right that lightning is just a linguistic cousin
of the oistress yeah it's lightning based in oysters
comes the child into the world this is gorgeous now remember we're surrounded
by midwives let's see let's see a couple of them yeah um line three at the end Baku
[Music] yeah tell me about the the
nurturing the naturification the becoming the nature the Incarnation
the Incarnation tell me about this did you know they had Incarnation before oh
yeah no When Jesus is casting out demons right he's doing it based upon a long tradition you guys know that I don't
need to tell you that um let's make sure we're making good time here I don't want to waste the folks
time um look at so uh yeah tell me about that twice born Bacchus that twice born
Bacchus wait you got to be born again yes you've got being born again is old
Ryan very old concept it's an old mystery concept fantastic long time long
time before the first century when Jesus is around right so this is already set up in culture and what happens Zeus
raises this breathless this kid out of the Burning Flame right he's a
hugran he takes this lump of moisture that is within simile
because that's the name of the Queen Whose Bed shame where we happen to be in yeah we're golly
all right somebody asked me this week about is there a necessity to cut off the testicles
if we're going to serve in the Queen's chamber we have to cut off our testicles
yeah think about that for a minute just think it take yourself back to siding take yourself back to that Temple that
Lucian writes about the sedonians where they worshiped a start
think about her the Greek said that's our Hera by the way yeah yeah
but think about her and the power her worshipers
the worshipers of the great mother castrate themselves yes if your eye offends
cast it out yes beautiful the music was great by the way
um and what happens so Zeus takes him and sews him up right because she is
birthing via simulator's birthing via the lightning
via the lightning and the first time we see in line five
when Zeus intervenes and he removes the moisture
from simile and exposes her to that lightning to
that fire that great sun fire she is consumed
she is consumed and what this process Lacks
is the Maya there is no Maya and Nona says that
right this artificial practice that maintains the power of the jov or
the Jehovah I don't care if you say yoga or if you say I don't care and then everybody says
don't say it it's the same God the Father
and he keeps screwing up he keeps screwing up
he's the oldest liar yes check the Bible people my evangelicals who have shown up
today graciously ask yourself why it is that God is the first liar
yeah we're talking here about the family
of the flip side of the flip pole we're talking about the morning Stars
we're talking about the morning Stars okay keep reading we're going there we'll get there
so line five that's where we are without the Maya
by the way ladies who are doulas out there and I know that you've identified yourselves before
um I something that I thought was very interesting that you may have a better perception understanding of is that Maya
the name of the Goddess it's a name Maya and her name means her craft
that's how we say Midwife is Maya Maya
um what I thought was interesting was she is the only Olympian
she's the only God within the pantheon who prefers and chooses
to live on Earth in a cave
she's the only God that prefers to live in a in a mortal environment within the
cave and her son preserves that his messengering is all under her leadership
under her College so when you see the caduceus
with the two serpents and the rod you know
this is this is part of the college this is part of the College of The Midwives
now something very special I don't know what it means maybe somebody can tell me I don't know what it means that she is
the she is the one who prefers to live in the in the element if you will she couldn't
she could be ethereal she chooses to be Ariel
yeah nice nice love it anyway let's keep reading Zeus makes himself the party
He makes himself interestingly enough the father and the Queen Mother
the Queen Mother interesting okay let's keep let's keep
reading let's keep reading I've got a little bit more yeah why he knows of
another birth right everybody everybody's saying I forgot to tell you the gossip is coming through the sybils the Zeus
Jehovah jove the father God is is destined to be overthrown
right so this is what's perpetuating all of this action again
evangelicals I'm talking to the people who are here who hear the analog
they hear the analog they know what's being said they can decode
from his Temple he becomes pregnant from his Temple is this thing called the
temple yes the Temple of your head yes and from the Temple of his head
he pours out now this is funny that the translation that the Harvard people
use right is old and every time every time somebody can't the translator can't
figure out what notice is doing because nonus is using I'm filtering this out for you but notice is using words that
only appear those hypoxagoma they only appear once we only have this citation of and they're words that he is
obviously creating right A lot of them are words that he is obviously creating
but of the ones that aren't that aren't his working that they just happen to be hypoxicillin
those have a share in an Antiquity that we can't I mean those are the real finds
linguistically those are the jewels that are in it and every once in a while you come across one of those that gives you
an insight into the cult the cult operation and then you can see that mystery just a little bit more clearly
and we have some of that here because Zeus on a contig them he sends out he emits
Athena he admits Dina emitz Athena and it's not just a sin
as you and I would think of to sin it means to send as in to push water or a
fluid to push water to squirt
now he so in the mind of the ancient Greek Zeus is conveying
on and why is it why do we know that there are this is a sexual reference because she is considered the asporon
she is considered the seedless yeah she is considered the seedless she
Springs solely from that mind
yeah and she is the ostratusan
the one who brings the lightning the Astra pay is you'll notice is just
strappe right the asterian
is just the Str root in use
so here once again connected with the very power of God you all know that
lightning is connected with God whether you're reading the Old Testament or whether you're reading some Pagan works
right you know that that God the father is a god of lightning you didn't know
what the lightning was before now the lightning is that which bathes the most
bathes that process of the ultimate pain of birth of bringing that entity into
life right bringing life from death so Maya
the Midwife becomes the one linchpin of the entire mystery it's the linchpin
that the Christians removed right we know it's unfortunate we know
what happened was unfortunate that Jesus got caught in a public park with a naked boy and
arrested and condemned and yelled at by a mob and forced to go to death in the
place of a dude who they knew had killed someone yeah
um so we're trying to find it's unfortunate that's how the circumstances ended up
and he ends up dying on the cross before his time right but he is that one
to whom is brought the drugs and the financing that he can carry the title of
the Eason yes that he can be the Christos why
because the asterion has brought us to him because we followed the star
all right so um I want you to see the context and I
want you to remember I need we need to see a dance because we are at a place where we have to constantly remind
ourselves and this is good for the evangelicals as well as well and please invite your Evangelical friends please
we are at a place where we have to stop and say wait a minute
um let's just get a historical perspective here right who's the oldest goddess right who's the oldest Divinity
is it Jehovah who is it [Music]
so from this lightning now you want those symbols you want the real ones you want the old ones right and that's what
we're all looking for and that's why we're pounding down the Aryan connection and the The
Archers The Archers who are on the scythian
steeps yeah what are we doing there we're living in
a world with arrows and we're living in a world with poisons and we're transferring culture through these
migrations that we're having and some of it is ending up in this old old poetry
and somehow we're getting these lines we're getting these lines about these individuals
yeah yeah so where does that bring us where does
that bring us yeah we come to the source we have to have
the lightning we have to know what they're doing with the lightning we have
to have the wanna saw right we have to have that power
we have to find her and we have to bring her forward and in order to do so we have to go into
the language and we have to pull out the very basic elements the scientific stuff
that's there you you guys have been following this and you many of you have
been tracking on the Discord and you're working with other sources and seeing
seeing how the mystery is pursued across time and I'm hoping that with enough
work we can elucidate a broader history of the working of the mystery instead of
its hijacking by the dude Moses and it's hijacking by the dude Jesus but
we can go back and we can see it in its original form and find that Maya what is the lightning
that she Bears the infant in what is that balcic power why are we here
for um for the goddess it's because of that
power there was a river I want to finish tonight and I just want to encourage you to look at the river arithusa
um because she was a witness she didn't want to to succumb
to domination so she became a witness she flowed through the underworld and
saw the Korah the great Korra she saw her the cold one
right she saw her and witnessed
her place as a queen she was the one who said Demeter you've
got to let these humans live you've got to let these humans live for one reason your daughter is a queen
and she is acting as a queen you can't stop that
um and somehow somehow that women's cult
took that gym that beauty of Life of real life
and wove it into the history wove it in and
made the world that you now look at and say um and say your Hail Marys
and receive your atonement and raise your hands and praise and
worship and bring the offerings of your praise
to your God when you do that thing when you do those things now you're doing them within a container
that was made by a guy who was arrested in the public park with a naked boy we
need to bring this to the for the people who are sitting there who are actively
pursuing this satanic contract right satanic pact you
have a responsibility to bring this reality to the world
you have a responsibility to free the people who are in the middle of it you you cannot discriminate against people
whatever cult that they're in or whether they're on
Fox News right from the tops of the mountains to
the very bottom you have to help these people to see the
reality It's Our obligation if we're going to honor the Muse It's Our obligation to
help them and I just want to say for those evangelicals who are out there
he was arrested in the public park you know like 4 a.m with a naked kid
the institutions are built upon a dude
who was uh you know who was disliked for what he had done in
the presence of that child one late night okay we have an obligation with
we must stand up thank you for coming tonight we'll have I'm delighted with tomorrow's class with
Saturday's class um you guys are wow you're giving everybody a run for their money already
you guys are busting it and uh this is crack you guys are gonna be some crack
and I'll take you as far as you can go I'll show you that you have something inside of you
that's bigger than you thought that you can bring to the table yeah it's going
to be hard and there's going to be a lot of sweat and there's going to be a lot of agony but you people are marvelous and I know
that we're going to break through yeah nice nice I love it um you guys have a good evening hail
Satan show me the girl I had never met I want
it so bad [Music] where is that Golden Palace where is
that horse called Destiny I think she ran off without me
[Music]